city skylines is the new messiah under
the town planning simulation the sheer
infinite modding possibilities
expand the paradise almost every hour
to have new maps mods and buildings but
actually someone already struggles
made cities out of reality or
play other games and whether my
colleague benny danneberg has become the
effort to look at them all
Here are the best five cities
replicas the first city in the
skylines was recreated is one
Fictional city inspired by one
Real City from Los Angeles has been in
grand theft car 5 los santos and one
Hardworking player suspended the city
the gangster epic in city
skylines above let's see if we have jeffers
find a caravan
not so much but the cards
After all, Bauer had to take what
we can even compare that here
original on the game
and here the replica incity skylines
but not only in the overview is the
city ​​absolutely succeeded and remembered
crystal clear to the prototype the gta 5
also individual places and buildings are very
well imitated but it works
then yes not really going on
santos makes a lousy dick there is one
big power problem at the airport and the
Property values ​​are actually almost
everywhere but the rest seems bad
otherwise work very well
for the great visual implementation
There are five out of five stars
new york new york
that city the sinatra 1 in a song
Of course, moving immortal also moved
the skylines players with the metropolis
The statue of liberty must of course
be rebuilt
mainhattan looks ever very familiar
from the central park is clearly back
to recognize and this is probably the
Broadway or the Statue of Liberty
is not yet the start of the island
but there are already
but fits the replica to the template here
the original and here the replica
looks very good but is still
not quite finished the surrounding
districts still have to be built
And what about the functionality
Apart from the money, it works quite well
or good but not finished
that's fine on top of that
is working
four out of five stars
hmm
hmm also san francisco has already been
often in songs and movies
processed a replica of the city
Therefore we also find in city skylines
schools sights and parks
should be placed so close to reality
have been as the machiner possible
was and they are even appropriately named
Here is a top view on San Francisco
and here the replica
but somebody has it very clean
worked that looks really great
the former headquarters of the bank of
america in the financial district of
California Street is also in
skylines works all the way
then no, the city is actually
do not stand there and do not corpse everywhere
enough water energy and debts
are crushing
Nevertheless, the replica looks great
even if the functionality is the truest
sense of the word is underground
three and a half stars from us for this
great replica london cosmopolitan city
financial metropolis
well in this replicate city skyline
you do not see much of that yet
actual eight-million-city but
the cornerstone is laid thames with
her press is visible
and a little something around it
from the british capital is because
it's really something to see
true to detail as you the original and
here the replica that looks already
apart from the whole electricity pylon in
the thames quite well mannered and leaves
We hope to see the whole British soon
metropolis in its replica broke
to admire
and how is going on apart from
london has few customers everywhere
relatively little problems for the good
At the beginning there are three out of five stars
she is known for the prater the
opera ball and a lot of culture
Austria's capital Vienna also has it
into the series of skylines replicas
managed according to author was trying all
districts streets lines buildings parks and
places as accurately as possible
has done the original in here
the top view and here the city the
skylines impressive or
but works in Austria
Traffic and the service a few
there are problems with the energy supply
it and in some districts are too
many corpses around but at 340,000
inhabitant in such a detailed
reconstruction should not be too
be fussy
Vienna in the city ​​skylines has made us perfect
convinced full five stars
[Music]